
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="adyna_ccri">Adyna Ccri</h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Adyna Ccri&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;adyna_ccri&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-27&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit2" id="name">Name</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Adyna Ccri (ah-duh-na cree) is a welsh name; “Adyna” meaning “Wretched”, “Ccri” meaning “Loved One”
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Name&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;name&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;28-143&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit3" id="history">History</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Adyna was born by a <a href="/doku.php?id=justisan" class="wikilink2" title="justisan" rel="nofollow" data-wiki-id="justisan">Justisan</a> and a woman he was in charge of investigating for murdering her husband. The woman was, in fact, innocent, and was accused of the murder by the villagers who hated her for investigating the stars. They lived in a poorer town outside of the larger cities and were a tight-knit community that followed their elder&#039;s standards and beliefs.
They hated Adyna&#039;s mother for opposing those beliefs, and her husband, an outsider who came in from one of the big cities.
</p>

<p>
The Justisan realised her innocence but could not prove it. Through spending time in the village and with her he fell in love, but being a Justisan could not be with her. After Adyna was born the townspeople were angry with her. The child should not have been born.
A young boy - tempted by his mother - lured a <a href="/doku.php?id=beast" class="wikilink2" title="beast" rel="nofollow" data-wiki-id="beast">beast</a> into her home with a <a href="/doku.php?id=star" class="wikilink2" title="star" rel="nofollow" data-wiki-id="star">stargem</a> he found in a river stream. The beast killed the woman and disappeared. Discovering the tragedy, the Justisan was left with the child.
</p>

<p>
The Justisan took the baby and fled the post. He returned to the city of operation; <a href="/doku.php?id=los" class="wikilink1" title="los" data-wiki-id="los">Los</a>, and continued to raise the child as he would have liked to do with the woman. However, he soon realised the child was not his true love.
Regretting his decision, he named the child Adyna Ccri. Ccri was the name of the woman he loved. Eventually overrun with his Justisan duties and raising a child in Los. He cracks and sells the child to a passerby who takes her to his hometown outside the walls of Los.
</p>

</div>

<h5 id="volya_rasvodka">Volya Rasvodka</h5>
<div class="level5">

<p>
The man, <a href="/doku.php?id=volya_razvodka" class="wikilink2" title="volya_razvodka" rel="nofollow" data-wiki-id="volya_razvodka">Volya Razvodka</a> was the heir to a growing town, his father ran the town under the belief that people should believe what they wanted to believe. He was a wealthy noble who left his homeplace and formed a new town where he invited people he found promising to reside.
The town grew in wealth with time, and excelled in bringing talent from places all over. Volya Razvodka had many children, some adopted, and each were eager to overtake his placement as the ruler of the town. Volya did not approve of their competitive nature, and he left in his will a puzzle that led to a key - of which opened his chamber doors.
</p>

<p>
The man died and the games began. His 15 children competed to find the key, but ultimately Adyna was the victor. In the chamber was a chest filled with his personal research, and the rights to the entire town.
Adyna named the town <a href="/doku.php?id=celwyd" class="wikilink2" title="celwyd" rel="nofollow" data-wiki-id="celwyd">Celwyd</a> and opened up the research her adopted father kept to himself. The potential; power of the <a href="/doku.php?id=stars" class="wikilink1" title="stars" data-wiki-id="stars">stars</a>.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;History&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;history&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:3,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;144-&quot;} -->